What happened at Chernobyl?
What were the main radionuclides to which people were exposed?
What levels of exposure did people experience?
What were the impacts on health from Chernobyl?
What is the current health risk to people residing in contaminated areas?
What are some of the actions taken by the World Health Organization?
What is WHO's relationship with the IAEA?
What have been the wider impacts of the Chernobyl accident?
What are other sources of information about Chernobyl?

Radiation: Fukushima nuclear concerns
18 March 2011 | Q&A
What is the current risk of radiation-related health problems in Japan for those residing near the reactor in comparison to those in other parts of Japan?
Is there a risk of radioactive exposure from food contamination?
Are there health risks to people living outside of Japan from radiation emitted into the atmosphere from damaged Japanese nuclear power plants?
What is ionizing radiation?
Are people normally exposed to ionizing radiation?
How are people exposed to ionizing radiation?
What type of radiation exposure could occur in a nuclear power plant accident?
What is the WHO travel advice for Japan?
Do travellers returning from Japan represent a health risk for others?
What are the acute health effects of radiation exposure?
What long-term effects can be expected from radiation exposure?
Does radiation exposure pose a risk to foetuses?
What emotional impact can a nuclear accident have on children? How can they be assisted?
Which public health actions are most important to take?
How can I protect myself?
If I have been exposed to radioactive material released into the environment, what should I do?
When people are advised to stay indoors, what does this mean?
What are potassium iodide pills?
When and why should I take potassium iodide?
Should I take iodized salt to protect myself from radiation?
Can I take other forms of iodine?
Can pregnant women take potassium iodide pills?
What are the recommendations for breastfeeding women regarding potassium iodide?
Can food produced in other countries be affected by the events in Japan?
What are the potential health effects of consuming contaminated food?
Is all food production in Japan affected by the nuclear emergency?
What impact will this have on food and food production in Japan?
How do food products become radioactive?
Why is food affected in areas beyond the evacuation zone?
Are there rules for radioactivity in foods for international trade?
What actions are being taken to monitor the safety of food from Japan?
What general advice can be given to food consumers and producers in the event of a nuclear emergency?
Can I drink the tap water in Japan?
Can radioactive contamination be removed from water?
Why do the guidance levels for radioactive Iodine-131 in drinking water vary?
What is WHO's role in nuclear emergencies?
Can mothers living with HIV breastfeed their children in the same way as mothers without HIV?
Is mixed feeding better than no breastfeeding at all, if the mother is on HIV treatment?
If a mother on HIV treatment plans to return to work or school, is a shorter duration of breastfeeding better than no breastfeeding at all?
What can be done to support breastfeeding among mothers living with HIV?
What does “preterm” mean?
How many babies are born preterm every year and where?
How do preterm births occur?
Is there a way to tell if you are at risk of having a preterm baby?
Can a pregnant woman’s lifestyle put her at risk of a preterm birth?
How many preterm babies could be saved?
Why do preterm babies need special care?
What health challenges do preterm babies face?
What are the consequences of preterm birth later in life?
What kind of care do preterm babies need?
What is neonatal intensive care?
What is Kangaroo Mother Care?
Describe the WHO initiative, WHO-CHOICE, in a nutshell.
WHO-CHOICE results are presented for regions. How do these apply to my country?
What is involved in a country contextualisation of a CHOICE analysis?
How is the WHO-CHOICE methodology for determining cost-effectiveness different from others?
Does CHOICE continue to use the null comparator and why?
How do you determine the “Costs” and “Effects”?
My disease/risk factor of interest is not included in the CHOICE results. Can it be added?
What are some examples of one of the more significant results of WHO CHOICE so far?
Why are so many children involved in road traffic crashes?
What is HIV?
Is AIDS different from HIV?
Without treatment, how quickly can a person living with HIV become ill?
How is HIV transmitted?
How is HIV infection treated?
What does “undetectable” mean?
What illnesses can affect people living with HIV?
How can people get tested for HIV?
Who is at more risk of HIV?
How can sexual transmission of HIV be prevented?
What is the relationship between HIV and other STIs?
How can transmission through the sharing of needle/syringes be prevented?
How can vertical transmission of HIV be prevented?
What is PrEP?
How does male circumcision prevent HIV transmission?
How effective are condoms in preventing HIV?
Is there a cure for HIV?
What other kinds of care do people living with HIV need?
Are people living with HIV at increased risk of being infected with the virus that causes COVID-19?
Can antiretrovirals or direct-acting antivirals against hepatitis C virus be used to treat COVID-19?
Can antiretrovirals be used to prevent COVID-19 infection?
What is WHO’s position on the use of antiretrovirals for the treatment or prevention of COVID-19?
How do we ensure human rights and reduce stigma and discrimination?
How can programmes assure continued access to HIV services?
What is the role of multi-month prescriptions and dispensing for antiretrovirals and other medicines?
Can pregnant or postpartum women living with HIV transmit the COVID-19 virus to their unborn child or infant?
Should pregnant and breastfeeding women living with HIV with COVID-19 and their newborns be managed differently?
